Dylan Watts
1202780964
MW 12:00
Project 1

For my project I did a GUI-Based adventure game, in which I try to emulate text based adventure games back on old computers. The game essentially is picking actions based on what the dialogue in the scroll gives you. The game takes place on a grid-like map. There are 3 rows to conquer, you will start in the top row, move through 3 squares/scenarios, and then you will begin in the next row. 
The game will save progress after each scenario or square is completed. You can click the status button to see your stats and character name and type, as well as item collection. You can exit at any time, then come back and continue at the beginning of the square/scenario, or start a new game.

Everything else and most of the above is explained through the gameplay in simple detail with the text scroll view below the grid., I tell you what buttons and things to press in BOLD letters to get through it quickly. Apologies for all the reading of text, but I did try to make the game short for easier grading.

I believe I have everything done for my main goals, and a bit of my pipeline goals as well (intro story based on what character you picked, attacking and blocking in combat).

Please let me know if you have any questions at ddwatts@asu.edu

PROJECT 2:

Parse credentials:

ddwatts@asu.edu
cse494iscool

All saving and loading is done through Parse with the Character object under AdventureGame.

 Hitting Continue will load the most recent character's playtrough, hitting Load Game will load any saved character, most recent listed at the top. All saving and loading is done through Parse with the Character object under AdventureGame. Beating the game will earn you the arena, where you can fight and level up forever. You can load up 'ArenaFight' to skip straight to this. Also in status screen you can Exit back to main menu to load new characters without exiting the game, and the new Game Stats are there as well.

I believe I have accomplished all my goals listed. Sincerest apologies for the lateness. If you run into any issues when first playing, please reset your emulator settings. Any other issues please contact me at my email, I tested this quite thourghly.

The warning "Automatic Preferred Max Warning.." may come up, this does nothing and is related to running on brand new Xcode/iOS.

Credit goes to Todd Cunniham (tcunningham7 on github) for all the button sounds which were added in assignment 5!

Thank you for grading this and have a fantastic winter break! :)
-Dylan